[Zero Trust] Screenshots (minus tutorials) (#3303)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/identity/users/short-lived-certificates.md

> 2. In the drop-down, choose the application that represents the resource you secured in Step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the dropdown, choose the application that represents the resource you secured in Step 1.
```

>     ![New Cert](../../static/documentation/applications/non-http/slc-dropdown.png)

Reviewer: The old screenshot shows that you're doing these steps in the **SSH** tab (not sure if it's relevant, but it's not described in the steps).

Reviewer: Also, this PR adds the `slc-key.png` file that doesn't seem to be used. You probably wanted to rename `slc-detail.png` (which was deleted, and is still used in step 4) to `slc-key.png`.
